Hey guys, welcome back to the course. So, in this lecture,
what we're going to do is we're going to use the strategy that
we covered in the last lecture, the reaching out to
pain customers, and we're going to talk about how
exactly you find them. Then, in the next lecture, we'll talk about
how, once you found them, how do you reach out to them.
Now, this is our first technique
because it is the laser focused.
If someone out there has the problem you are trying to
solve, and your product obviously solves the problem,
it's a very good chance they will buy your stuff, and
there's not going to be a whole lot of dependencies
involved, they're not going to ask you
how many other people have bought it,
they're not going to say, "Well, I haven't
seen a TV commercial for it."
If they have that problem, they are
always the most likely to purchase.
Now, the first thing we want to do is take that problem
and imagine we are the customer that has it.
Now, how exactly would that customer
unwittingly verbalize that problem?
How exactly would you mention you have this problem?
How would you explain it and what scenarios would
you bring it up? Try to get in the mind of your overly
complainy older sister and try to channel their
obsessive need to constantly notify everyone of
things that bother them. To help you through it, let's
cover a couple examples.
All right.
Example number one. Let's
imagine we were making an app,
and this app - mobile app - is designed to help people
stop forgetting where they put things, to help people
stop losing things, essentially.
Now, you yourself right now try to imagine
you're someone that constantly loses things.
How exactly would you verbalize it?
Now, first of all, we just need to kind of
think it out, right? Now, if I lose things,
well, everybody loses things, what are the most common
things they would lose? Well, the most common things
people lose are probably keys, credit cards, wallets, hair,
if you're older. Now, let's just take one of those.
If I lost my keys, I would probably use the phrase "lost
my keys," would probably say things like "constantly
losing my keys," "can't stop losing my keys,"
anything along that vein. I would even probably ask the
question of "anything to help me stop losing my keys?"
"anything to prevent losing my keys?" The key point here,
no pun intended, is that they will say "lose," "losing," "keys."
So those are the phrases we will hook onto.
And if you couldn't find someone off that, you'd move
on to the next item or the next type of complaint
that someone would voice.
All right.
Now, a second example. Let's say we're making a web application
and it helps people track their social media mentions.
Now, like on Facebook, when someone mentions something
and they say @your name, or on Twitter where they
mention you, or Instagram, they do it as well.
Now, if I had that problem, I might think of saying
"can't manage my social media accounts,"
"too many followers," "too many mentions," "can't find
list of mentions" + Twitter, + Facebook, something
like that. If you can identify the problem,
and we've done that before, and you can identify
generally how someone would articulate it, then basically
100% of the time you will find someone who has said
that. Now, the three places you should first start
searching you probably know, and I apologize, because
this is a very basic technique. The first one is Twitter.
You've heard of that one.
The second one is Reddit.
You might have heard of it. Maybe, maybe not.
And the third one, everyone's heard of this one, Google.
The first one we start with
and our go-to, always number one we go to is Twitter.
Now, why exactly do we use Twitter first?
Well, for one, they let all of their
conversations be indexable.
That is why I don't say Facebook.
You cannot go and search and find a conversation
some private user on Facebook had,
whereas Twitter, it's kind of the point.
It's all about being public and everyone seeing your stuff.
Twitter also as a whole has a very large user base,
it's something like 300 million, and it's really just
a giant hub of conversations, and more
specifically, a giant hub of complaints.
And the first thing you do if you want to search
on Twitter is just go to search.twitter.com, it'll
link you to the actual URL that I can never seem
to remember, it's like search-home, and if
you can't find that, just Google "Twitter search."
So what it ends up giving you is a big search bar that
basically looks like anything you'd see on Google.
Now, we don't need to get fancy with this one, right?
We can just search for exactly the types of complaints
we came up with previously, just input those, and
then try to weed through the results and try to find people
that are actually specifically talking about your problem.
It is really that simple,
but it's not terribly easy to read through all the
chatter to find ones that are talking about what
you are talking about.
But do your best, find some people, write them down, mark
them, so you can come back later and reach out to them.
Now, the second place that we are going to comb
through for potential complainers is Reddit.
Have you ever heard of Reddit?
It's reddit.com, it is basically a forum on
steroids. You know how forums work, right?
People post individual topics, then people talk about
it, and there's main topics and specific topics.
Well, Reddit is like that. Reddit is divided into
what are called subreddits, and subreddits are
basically just like miniature forums within a gigantic forum.
Now, most people know Reddit for probably
nefarious reasons or pranks that people play,
but it is an enormous forum.
It has 231 million users, and they have
something like 8 billion pages.
They're one of the biggest pages on the internet.
But more importantly, because they're structured
in subreddits and reddits, there are
subreddits basically for everything out there: horse
breeding, scuba diving, people who are obsessed with
one celebrity, people who have the first name
Adam - pretty much anything you can think of, there
is a subreddit directly or indirectly related to it.
We're going to keep coming back to Reddit because it is just
a goldmine of potential customers, so get cozy with this one.
Now, how does one exactly search through this
community to find the people that we want?
Well, it's a trick question.
You don't.
You don't actually have to search or navigate
through the community structure of Reddit.
All we have to do is search for the complainer.
Now, Reddit is like a lot of websites in that they have
a search bar, you can see it when you log in
or you just go to the front page, but that
search bar does not work very well at all.
Instead, we're going to use a workaround,
because it's 10 times better
and a lot faster. Actually, just go to Google. Go to Google,
we're going to use a very basic trick to search
Reddit through Google's search engine.
So what you do is you just go up to the search box.
The first thing you type is site:reddit.com,
no spaces at all in that.
What that means is we say "site equals", what we're telling
Google is that we don't want you to search the entire internet.
We only want you to search pages that
come from the domain Reddit.com.
And then, after you type site:reddit.com, then
actually put in your normal search criteria.
So use your complainy search terms,
get creative, and use that operator at the beginning of your
Google search, and most likely you will find some stuff.
Write them down.
Come back to them later.
And then the last one is the most obvious, Google.
I mean Google, we're on it already,
so it's very convenient.
Just take those search criteria and
just do a generic search for it.
I mean, it's such the case that we cannot possibly
search all active communities online for people who
have our potential problem, but Google can.
So try your best to search and pick out some people,
regardless of what site or domain they're on, that
you can reach out to. In the next lecture, we'll cover
how exactly you tackle that wide variety of different
domains and types of websites.
All right, see you in the next lecture.